Update Cross-VM bridge docs (#930)
onflow/docs: docs/evm/cadence/vm-bridge.md

And below are the bridge escrow's EVM addresses. These addresses are COAs and are stored stored in the same Flow account
as you'll find the Cadence contracts (see above).

|Network|Address|
|---|---|
|Testnet|[`0x0000000000000000000000023f946ffbc8829bfd`](https://evm-testnet.flowscan.io/address/0x0000000000000000000000023f946FFbc8829BFD)|
|Mainnet|[`0x00000000000000000000000249250a5c27ecab3b`](https://evm.flowscan.io/address/0x00000000000000000000000249250a5C27Ecab3B)|

## Interacting With the Bridge

:::info

All bridging activity in either direction is orchestrated via Cadence on COA EVM accounts. This means that all bridging
activity must be initiated via a Cadence transaction, not an EVM transaction regardless of the directionality of the
bridge request. For more information on the interplay between Cadence and EVM, see [How EVM on Flow
Works](../how-it-works.md).

:::

### Overview

The Flow EVM bridge allows both fungible and non-fungible tokens to move atomically between Cadence and EVM. In the
context of EVM, fungible tokens are defined as ERC20 tokens, and non-fungible tokens as ERC721 tokens. In Cadence,

> fungible tokens are defined by contracts implementing FungibleToken and non-fungible tokens the NonFungibleToken
> standard contract interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fungible tokens are defined by contracts implementing 
[the `FungibleToken` interface](https://github.com/onflow/flow-ft/blob/master/contracts/FungibleToken.cdc)
and non-fungible tokens implement
[the `NonFungibleToken` interface](https://github.com/onflow/flow-nft/blob/master/contracts/NonFungibleToken.cdc).
```
